JSON Descriptors framework (#43)
AMWA-TV/ms-05-02: docs/Feature sets.md

# Feature sets

Feature sets are models (classes and datatypes) required for a specific functionality devices expose.

Feature sets are defined in the [Control feature sets register](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-control-feature-sets/).

> Where a device employs functionality covered by a feature set it MUST comply with the model definitions specified in the particular feature set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where a device employs functionality covered by a feature set it MUST comply with the model definitions specified for that feature set in the Control feature sets register.
```
